.TH LIVETIKZ 1
.SH NAME
livetikz \- A live preview for TikZ drawings
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B livetikz\fR [\fIoptions\fR] [\fBtikz-file\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B livetikz\fR is a tool for live previewing TikZ drawings.

.I Templates
\fBlivetikz\fR uses a minimal template to compile TikZ drawings. While the default template is minimal, custom templates can also be used for compiling. A simple template could look like the following.
.PP
.nf
.RS
\\documentclass{beamer}
\\usepackage{tikz}
\\usepackage{color}
\\begin{document}
\\begin{frame}[fragile]
<>
\\end{frame}
\\end{document}
.RE
.fi
.PP
The drawing replaces the \fB<>\fR characters before compilation.

.I Working Directory
The default working directory for \fBlivetikz\fR is the folder of the TikZ drawing. However, when, e.g., compiling a figure inside a subfolder, the actual working directory will likely be the root directory containing the main TeX file. Hence, to support such scenarios, the working directory can be changed at the top right of the application window to any folder. 

.I Compiler
The default compiler used in \fBlivetikz\fR is \fBpdflatex\fR. This can be changed to a different compiler in the menu \fbLiveTikZ > Compiler\fR. Support compilers are \fBpdflatex\fR, \fBlualatex\fR, \fBxelatex\fR, and the wrapper script \fBlatexrun\fR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-\-version\fR
Display the version of the program
.TP
.BR \-\-help\fR
Display the usage of the program
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBpdflatex\fR(1), \fBlualatex\fR(1), \fBxelatex\fR(1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2020 Michael Schwarz <michael.schwarz91@gmail.com>

This is free software; see the  source  for  copying  conditions.
There  is  NO  warranty;  not  even  for
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
